---
title: Initial Crow Impressions
author: Taylor Sullivan-Peters
date: 2025-03-14
weight: 10
type: posts
---

## Initial Crow Impressions

As previously mentioned, I bought a [Monome Crow](https://monome.org/docs/crow/reference/#input), and I've had a gret time figuring out Lua and Druid and the whole scripting situation. 

I've spent some time trying to dial in what I'm calling a "Frequencer" script, but there's more to go. My dream is to consume any arbitrary audio and trigger V/oct outputs based on the detected fundamental frequency. In complex audio this is going to behave unpredictably, and that's kind of the goal. I love the idea of extracting something that's **technically** there mathematically but that isn't psycho-acoustically actually present. Or whatever. 

Here's a link to my public repo for the script: [Link](https://github.com/peterstaylor/Frequencer)

Related: I have a long-running dream to develop a piece of musical hardware that takes AC line power (e.g. the wall voltage we plug everything into) and convert it down to a safe voltage level via a transformer. Then, because wall voltage's fundamental frequency is 120Hz in the U.S., I would filter the shit out of the signal to **remove** the fundamental and amplify whatever's left, and then use that somehow. I have this optimistic vision of using it to generate a whole host of CV signals that I can control in a performanc context by changing what's connected to a power strip, for example. Turn a lamp on, induce a light sag in the local wall voltage, hear the impact in an oscillator, somehow. 

Once again, manipulating and amplifying a signal to find something that's there in the math, but that you wouldn't ever actually experience without significant intervention.  