---
title: Upcoming Shows, Ongoing Projects
author: Taylor Sullivan-Peters
date: 2025-04-18
weight: 10
type: posts
---

## Upcoming Shows

It's rare for me to be so booked out, but I've got *three* shows on the books right now: 
- Saturday, April 19 at State Street Pub in Indianapolis, IN
- Saturday, May 25 at The Orbit Room in Bloomington, IN
- Thursday, August 21 at The Common Market in Muncie, IN

Hoping to get a couple more on the books for June and July if I can, including a little ambient night I'm going to curate myself. Updates to come. 

## Ongoing Projects

### New Releases
I've earnestly begun the process of carving out a new release. For the time being I'll assume it's called *Lucky and Blessed* and it's made up of not one big long chonk of a track but several tracks of reasonable length. I've gone really far off the deep end in the last few years of long-form, slow moving improv, and I'd like to come home to something closer to song form. We'll see how that goes. 

I'm also in the midst of finally editing together a new Squirming album from pieces my dear friend Harlan and I made nearly two years ago now. Squirming was a collaborative noise project between Harlan that paused when Harlan moved to Denver. It woke up when I visited them, though, and it's hungry. 

### New Designs
Tariffs are weird, so I've held off on a few things that I may or may not have needed to hold off on in the interest of other things, but I'm back at it. 

- I need a mid-side processor. Need is possibly a strong word, BUT. Expect a cute little 1U mid-side processor coming soon. 
- 1U pedal power is coming soon too. I've been sitting on a completed design [since February](https://eyewool.international/posts/2025-02-06/) that I just need to have fabricated and built. 
- The Frequencer crow script went on pause so I could prepare for my show tomorrow, but it's back on as of Sunday. It's fun to play with as it stands now, but I really want to get to place where it feels a little more musical. Track the development progress [here](https://github.com/peterstaylor/Frequencer). 
- AC line-based modulation tool. This is a long running silly idea, but it turns out AC line transformers are way cheaper than I thought, so I may buy one from Digi-Key soon and try to not shock myself while jamming stuff into SuperCollider. 